packages: rm ui components from react package, fix yalc flow (#751)
flowglad/flowglad: packages/react/README.md

Reviewer: remove theme

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@flowglad/react.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@flowglad/react)
[![npm bundle size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@flowglad/react)](https://bundlephobia.com/package/@flowglad/react)

> React components and hooks for integrating Flowglad's billing and subscription management into your React applications. This package provides a complete solution for handling subscriptions, payment methods, and billing information in your React frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React hooks and context provider for integrating Flowglad's billing and subscription management into your React applications. This package provides a complete solution for handling subscriptions, payment methods, and billing information in your React frontend.
```

Reviewer: or something that gets rid of mention of components
